We've seen how AI works
with web development so
we don't just use ChatGPT
as a normal user.
We are web developers, we've seen how
to integrate that into our websites.
We've seen how we can provide information
to ChatGPT through a ChatGPT plugin.
Remember that at the end
is just injecting data into
the prompt that's what
the ChatGPT plugin does.
We've covered the idea
of prompt engineering,
I prefer to say prompt hacking.
But anyway, we've seen that
making a clear prompt with really
strict instructions of what you're
expecting really gives you good output.
And also working with the temperature,
it's important for
us, for the developers temperature
zero will not guarantee but
will try to always get
a consistent result.
And finally we discussed
ways that we have today,
to actually work with your own data.
We see how you can integrate
ChatGPT with your own databases,
documents and any media file that you have
right now in your website or your app.
Just have in mind,
there is no way to fine tune ChatGPT
it's always about the prompt so
prompt is king.
So that's all I have here for you so
I hope that you now understand
how this looks like and
you are excited about what you can do.
I think that the recipe example
that creates images and
recipes in a structured data format
it's really cool it's like magic, okay?
So actually I'm really excited
about what you can do now that
you know how to integrate
ChatGPT into the platform.
And I hope that you can
show us on social networks,
I'm Firt on Twitter or
Frontend Masters what you are going to
do with ChatGPT on your websites and
web apps, thank you.
>> [APPLAUSE]